338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: tutorials/blockchain-analyze/analyze-blockchain-query.md

---
title: Analyze the Bitcoin blockchain - query the data

> excerpt: Use Tiger Cloud hyperfunctions to construct advanced analytical queries and run them on blockchain transaction data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Use TimescaleDB hyperfunctions to construct advanced analytical queries and run them on blockchain transaction data
```
